Oh, boss, your heart is so big
Wasn't it your loudest shout before?
Why are you cowardly now?
I'm not afraid
I'm just worried about fraud.
There are so many of them
Do you think we can do it?
Well, that's it.
Never again
It's really a shrinking turtle
Besides, what is there to be afraid of a group of little girls?
Shen Qingyan, you are crazy
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
I came to see if your brain was broken
Your brain is broken. How many people are you?
Do you know what to resist at half past?
You declare war, what's your business?
You listen to me.
You are now taking your people to join the Poetry Society
I'll go through the back door with you
At that time, people at 7:30 will also be afraid
It just passed.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I'll do my own thing.
Why don't you know what's good?
I'm doing this for your own good.
Go back, I'll take care of my own business
Who cares about you?
I'm pissed off.
Did you hear?
The newcomer is now going to work again at 7:30
I rely on real or fake
Is he alright?
I don't think so either.
You say
He really thought he killed a blood gang by himself
I thought I was a character
What's up?
Who's mad at you again, Jiang Lu, do me a favor
It's for that Shen Qingyan again
I owe him one.
I'd like to see if he's worth my money